.\" Developed by the LUMI User Support Team  for the LUMI consortium.
.TH man 1 "DATE" "VERSION" "lumi-ldap-projectinfo"

.SH NAME
\fBlumi-ldap-projectinfo\fR \- Show information about projects kept in
the LDAP directory, including allocations and quota.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlumi-ldap-projectinfo\fR shows information about projects as it is kept in the 
LDAP system. The amount of information that is shown depends on your privileges
on the system as not all information is available to regular users and as 
regular users can only see data from their own projects. The information includes
information about the allocation and quota. That is not live information but
computed periodically. The tool also shows the members of the project.

This tool shows more information than \fBlumi-allocations\fR, \fBlumi-quota\fR or
\fBlumi-workspaces\fR. However, \fBlumi-quota\fR and \fBlumi-workspaces\fR show quota
information almost in real time. It is complementary to the
\fBlumi-ldap-userinfo\fR tool that shows user information from the LDAP.

.SH OPTIONS

Without arguments \fBlumi-ldap-projectinfo\fR will show information about the 
projects of the current user.

.TP 
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Show a help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB--project\fR
Show information about the given project or projects (comma-separated list)
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--user\fR
Show information about all projects of the given user (assumes elevated privileges
if this is another user)

.PP
Arguments not preceded by any of these options will be treated as additional projects
to add to the list of projects to display. It is also possible to specify multiple
\fB-p\fR or \fB-u\fR options. However, due to the nature of the output this may
not be very practical.

.SH SEE ALSO
lumi-allocations(1), lumi-quota(1), lumi-workspaces(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Developed by the LUMI User Support Team for the LUMI consortium
