.\" Developed by the LUMI User Support Team  for the LUMI consortium.
.TH man 1 "DATE" "VERSION" "lumi-ldap-userinfo"

.SH NAME
\fBlumi-ldap-userinfo\fR \- Show information about users kept in
the LDAP directory, including quota.

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBlumi-allocations\fR shows information about projects as it is kept in the 
LDAP system. The amount of information that is shown depends on your privileges
on the system as regular users can only see data from themselves. 
The information includes information about the quota. That is not live information but
computed periodically. The tool also shows a list of projects 
found on the system (in the group database) for the given user(s).

This tool shows more information than \fBlumi-quota\fR or
\fBlumi-workspaces\fR. However, \fBlumi-quota\fR and \fBlumi-workspaces\fR show quota
information almost in real time. It is complementary to the
\fBlumi-ldap-projectinfo\fR tool that shows project information from the LDAP.

.SH OPTIONS

Without arguments \fBlumi-ldap-userinfo\fR will show information about the 
current user.

.TP 
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
Show a help message and exit.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB--user\fR
Show information about the given user or users (comma-separated list).
This assumes that you have sufficient privileges on the system to see information
for those users which in practice makes this option only useful for support persons.

.PP
Arguments not preceded by any of these options will be treated as additional users
to add to the list of userss to display. It is also possible to specify multiple
\fB-u\fR options. However, due to the nature of the output this may not be very practical.

.SH SEE ALSO
lumi-allocations(1), lumi-quota(1), lumi-workspaces(1), lumi-ldap-projectinfo(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Developed by the LUMI User Support Team for the LUMI consortium
